216 widget improvements (#438)
CartoDB/airship: packages/components/src/components/as-category-widget/README.md

categoryWidget.visibleCategories = 5;
```

#### **isLoading**: boolean=false
Use this attribute to put the widget in "loading mode".
When this attribute is true, the widget won't show any data, a spinner will be placed instead.

```code
lang: html
---
<as-stacked-bar-widget is-loading="true"></as-stacked-bar-widget>
```
```code
lang: javascript
---
stackedBar.isLoading = 'true';
```

#### **error**: string=''
Use this attribute to put the widget in "error mode".

> When this attribute is given it's text will be shown in the subheader and the widget content wont be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this attribute is given, its text will be shown in the subheader and the widget content won't be displayed.
```
